===== PAGE 1 =====
ANONYMIZATION-ENHANCEDPRIVACYPROTECTION FOR
MOBILEGUI AGENTS: AVAILABLE BUTINVISIBLE
Lepeng Zhao
Tsinghua University
zhaolp22@mails.tsinghua.edu.cn
Zhenhua Zou
Tsinghua University
zou-zh21@mails.tsinghua.edu.cn
Shuo Li
Tsinghua University
shuo-li22@mails.tsinghua.edu.cn
Zhuotao Liu∗
Tsinghua University
zhuotaoliu@tsinghua.edu.cn
ABSTRACT
Mobile Graphical User Interface (GUI) agents have demonstrated strong capabilities in automating
complex smartphone tasks by leveraging multimodal large language models (MLLMs) and system-
level control interfaces. However, this paradigm introduces significant privacy risks, as agents
typically capture and process entire screen contents, thereby exposing sensitive personal data such as
phone numbers, addresses, messages, and financial information. Existing defenses either reduce UI
exposure, obfuscate only task-irrelevant content, or rely on user authorization, but none can protect
task-critical sensitive information while preserving seamless agent usability.
We propose an anonymization-based privacy protection framework that enforces the principle of
available-but-invisibleaccess to sensitive data: sensitive information remains usable for task execution
but is never directly visible to the cloud-based agent. Our system detects sensitive UI content using
a PII-aware recognition model and replaces it with deterministic, type-preserving placeholders
(e.g., PHONE_NUMBER#a1b2c) that retain semantic categories while removing identifying details. A
layered architecture—comprising a PII Detector, UI Transformer, Secure Interaction Proxy, and
Privacy Gatekeeper—ensures consistent anonymization across user instructions, XML hierarchies,
and screenshots, mediates all agent actions over anonymized interfaces, and supports narrowly scoped
local computations when reasoning over raw values is necessary.
Extensive experiments on the AndroidLab and PrivScreen benchmarks show that our framework
substantially reduces privacy leakage across multiple models while incurring only modest utility
degradation, achieving the best observed privacy–utility trade-off among existing methods. Code
available at:https://github.com/one-step-beh1nd/gui_privacy_protection
Keywords:Mobile GUI Agents · Privacy Protection · Anonymization · PII Detection · Multimodal
Large Language Models
1 Introduction
Mobile Graphical User Interface (GUI) agents [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5] have recently demonstrated remarkable capabilities in
automating complex tasks on smartphones, including app navigation, form filling, information retrieval, and multi-step
interaction workflows. These capabilities are enabled by two key factors: (1) the rapid development of multimodal
large language models (MLLMs) [6], which provide strong perceptual and reasoning abilities over screenshots, UI
hierarchies, and visual layouts; and (2) long-standing system-level control interfaces such as Android Debug Bridge
(ADB) and Accessibility Services, which make it possible for agents to programmatically observe and operate the
device. Together, these two factors allow users to delegate tasks to GUI agents in a manner analogous to handing over
control of their personal smartphone to another human operator.
∗Corresponding author.
arXiv:2602.10139v2  [cs.CR]  14 Feb 2026

===== PAGE 2 =====
Cloud GUI AgentPC with ADBAndroid Phone
User Instruction
Add a contact whose first
name is "John", 
mobile phone number is
12345678
XML
<...
text=
"12345678"
.../
Local LLM
Register Entry
PII Detector Layer
UI Transformer
Layer
Original Text
PII Position
PII Category
Local
Mapping Table
Query Entry
Interaction Proxy
Layer
Privacy Gatekeeper
LayerSemantic
Computation
Semantic Computation Needs
Agent Action with Anonymized ValueADB Command
with Real Value
To GUI Agent
⑤
From GUI Agent
②
③
④
④
⑥ (Optional)
⑧⑨ADB    To Phone
①Get XML and
Screenshot
Screenshot
Masked Instruction
Add a contacts whose first
name is
"FIRST_NAME#0t3ia", 
phone number is
PHONE_NUMBER#3ga8f
Masked XML
<...
text=
"PHONE_NUMBER#cbnhu"
.../>
Masked Screenshot
⑩
From Phone
Extra Semantic Information
⑦ (Optional)Query Mapping
Figure 1: Overview of the proposed privacy protection framework for mobile GUI agents. The system inserts a
trusted local privacy layer between the mobile phone and a cloud-based GUI agent. User instructions and UI states
(XML hierarchies and screenshots) are first processed locally to detect sensitive content and replace it with type-
preserving anonymized placeholders, producing an anonymized Virtual UI for agent reasoning. The cloud agent
operates exclusively on this anonymized interface and issues actions based on placeholders. All actions are intercepted
by a local interaction proxy, which resolves anonymized references and executes them on the phone using original
values when necessary. For tasks requiring operations over raw sensitive data, a local privacy gatekeeper performs
limited computation and returns only non-sensitive results to the agent.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
However, this paradigm also introduces significant privacy risks. To perceive and reason about the interface, existing GUI
agents typically capture and process the entire screen content—either via screenshots or structured UI representations
(e.g., XML view hierarchies). This leads to systematic over-collection of information, where sensitive user data such as
phone numbers, addresses, chat messages, verification codes, and financial information are unnecessarily exposed to
the agent or transmitted to remote servers. In practice, such data may also be persistently stored; for example, systems
like AppCopilot [5] automatically cache extracted user information into internal user modules to support future tasks,
further increasing the attack surface and long-term privacy risks.
Several prior works have attempted to mitigate privacy leakage in GUI agents and related systems, yet each follows
a design paradigm that ultimately fails to protect sensitive information that is necessary for task execution. Existing
approaches can be broadly categorized into four classes. (1)Exposure reductionmethods, such as CORE [ 7], reduce
the amount of UI data sent to cloud-based models but still transmit raw sensitive content whenever it is task-relevant.
(2)Obfuscation-basedmethods, such as DualTAP [ 8], perturb sensitive regions in the UI, but deliberately weaken
perturbations for task-relevant private content to preserve utility, leaving such information partially recognizable. (3)
Access-control and authorization-basedmethods, such as PrivWeb [ 9], rely on user consent to regulate disclosure, but
once authorization is granted, real sensitive values are directly exposed to the agent or remote services. (4)Semantic
replacementmethods, such as GUIGuard [ 10], attempt to mask PII with generic categories, yet the agent often loses the
ability to use the masked PII (e.g., entering a phone number) because the connection between the masked UI and the
original data is not functionally preserved. As summarized in Table 1, these approaches struggle to simultaneously
Table 1: Comparison of privacy protection and task usability across different GUI agent frameworks. The table specifies
theleakage conditionsfor PII and whether the agent caneffectively utilizetask-relevant sensitive data while it remains
protected. The symbol×indicates that the PII is effectively protected from cloud exposure.
Method Task-Relevant PII Task-Irrelevant PII Protected Data Usability
CORE [7] Exists in task-related blocks Exists in task-related blocks – (Unprotected when using)
PrivWeb [9] Following user authorization Following user authorization – (Unprotected when using)
DualTAP [8] Insufficient image perturbation×Limited (Utility loss)
GUIGuard [10]× ×Partial (Reasoning-based)
Ours× ×Yes (Proxy-mediated)
achieve strong privacy guarantees and seamless usability. Crucially, they either fail to protect task-critical sensitive
information or significantly disrupt the agent’s ability toutilizethat data for task completion. Even when data is
"protected" (e.g., via blurring or generic masking), the resulting loss of information often renders the agent unable to
ground its actions or handle sensitive values accurately.
In this work, we adopt a different perspective and draw inspiration from privacy-preserving computation, particularly
the principle of making dataavailable but invisible. Our goal is to enable GUI agents tousesensitive information to
perform tasks withoutseeingor accessing its real content.
This design introduces new technical challenges beyond simple anonymization. In particular, inconsistencies in PII
detection across modalities (e.g., text vs. screenshots) and inconsistent placeholder assignment across time can break the
agent’s ability to ground its actions in the interface, leading to execution failures. Our framework is therefore explicitly
designed to ensure cross-modality and temporal consistency, so that the same semantic entity is always represented by
the same anonymized identifier throughout a task session.
As shown in Figure 1, our framework consists of four coordinated components: (1) aUI Sensitivity Analyzerthat
detects sensitive elements using PII-aware models; (2) aUI Transformerthat performs deterministic, type-preserving
anonymization while preserving layout and interaction affordances; (3) aSecure Interaction Proxythat mediates and
resolves all agent actions over anonymized content; and (4) a localPrivacy Gatekeeperthat performs tightly scoped
semantic operations over raw values when necessary and returns only minimal, non-revealing results to the agent.
A session-scoped local mapping table is maintained within the trusted environment to record the correspondence
between real entity values and their anonymized placeholders, ensuring deterministic and consistent replacement across
time and modalities. Together, these components establish a secure interaction contract between the agent and the
interface, decoupling task execution from direct access to sensitive data.
In summary, our contributions are as follows:
• We propose a novel anonymization-based privacy protection framework for mobile GUI agents that enforces
the principle ofavailable-but-invisibleaccess to sensitive information.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
• We design a type-preserving, deterministic anonymization mechanism and a secure interaction pipeline that
allow agents to operate on sensitive data without observing its raw content.
• We address the consistency and grounding challenges introduced by anonymization and demonstrate that
reliable agent execution can be maintained across modalities and time.
2 Related Work
2.1 GUI Agents and Privacy Challenges
GUI agents automate interactions on mobile and web platforms by processing visual (screenshots) or structural
(XML/DOM) inputs through Large Language Models (LLMs) or Multimodal LLMs (MLLMs). Early works [2, 4, 3,
1, 5], demonstrated significant potential in task automation but largely overlooked privacy risks. These agents often
transmit full UI states—including unredacted screenshots or XML trees—to cloud-based models, which may expose
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) such as contact details, financial records, or login credentials.
Recent surveys [11, 12, 13, 14] highlight that data privacy remains a key barrier to deploying GUI agents in real-world
environments. The challenge is further amplified in multimodal settings, where visual encoders may capture sensitive
information that text-only filters cannot detect [15]. Moreover, modern agents rely on continuous screenshot streams
and centralized routers or tool mediators [16, 17, 18], enabling correlation across time that facilitates user profiling
and sensitive information reconstruction. Consequently, securing agent interactions without compromising utility has
become an active research focus.
2.2 PII Detection and Extraction in UIs
Accurate detection and extraction of sensitive information is crucial for data security in GUI agents. Compared to
standard NLP tasks, PII in UIs is sparse, context-dependent, and often multimodal. We categorize existing approaches
as follows:
• Text-based Extraction.Traditional methods rely on regular expressions or rule-based heuristics to identify patterns
such as emails or phone numbers [19]. These approaches lack semantic understanding and struggle with ambiguous
data, e.g., distinguishing a bank balance from a generic numeric field. Modern Named Entity Recognition (NER)
methods [20, 21, 22, 23, 24], employ bidirectional transformers to detect arbitrary entity types, offering better
generalization for semantic PII detection.
• Multimodal and Structural Extraction.In GUIs, spatial layout and context are critical—for example, a number
next to the label “Balance” is sensitive. Layout-aware models like LayoutLMv3 [25] and UI-specific vision-language
models such as ScreenAI [26], VisionLLM [27], and Gemini [28] integrate textual, visual, and layout information.
These models enable precise localization and semantic inference of sensitive elements before they are processed by
downstream reasoning modules. However, their strong representational capacity also enables more powerful privacy
extraction, increasing the urgency of protection mechanisms.
2.3 Privacy Protection Techniques in GUI Agents
Existing methods for mitigating privacy risks in GUI agents generally fall into three categories:
• Minimizing Exposure via Architecture.CORE [ 7] addresses the “all-or-nothing” upload problem by partitioning
the UI into semantic blocks based on the XML hierarchy. A local LLM filters content, sending only task-relevant
blocks to a cloud LLM. This reduces exposure but does not anonymize the transmitted content, leaving any uploaded
sensitive information fully visible.
• Adversarial and Visual Obfuscation.A line of work explores adversarial perturbations that inject structured
noise into images to disrupt vision-language models’ ability to recognize sensitive content [29, 30, 31, 32]. These
methods optimize perturbations to break image-text alignment [29], enhance transferability across models [31], or
selectively perturb regions of interest [32]. While effective in general VQA or captioning tasks, these approaches are
not designed for the mobile agent setting, where the perturbation must simultaneously suppress privacy extraction
while preserving fine-grained UI semantics for task execution.
DualTAP [8] explicitly formulates this as a dual-objective problem, combining a privacy-interference loss with
a task-preservation loss and introducing contrastive attention to localize privacy-sensitive regions. This allows
targeted perturbation of sensitive areas while maintaining the agent’s operational accuracy. Unlike generic attacks,
DualTAP is designed for continuous screenshot streams and agent workflows, making it more suitable for GUI-based
environments.
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
• Anonymization and Intermediary Systems.PrivWeb [ 9] injects a privacy layer that anonymizes PII in the DOM
before reaching the agent. Using a local LLM, it categorizes data sensitivity and prompts users for authorization
when necessary. While effective in text-based web environments, it cannot allow agents to directly use sensitive
data (e.g., filling forms) without either revealing actual values or interrupting workflow, limiting its applicability to
fully automated agents.
3 Method
This section describes a tiered decoupling architecture designed to enable cloud-based multimodal GUI agents to
perform high-level semantic reasoning while preventing exposure of raw sensitive data. The architecture places a secure
local mediation layer between the device and any external reasoning service; this layer intercepts device state and user
instructions, synthesizes a non-sensitiveVirtual UI, mediates all agent actions, and — when needed — performs tightly
scoped local computations. Below we present the logical design, algorithmic building blocks, and the secure interaction
protocols that realize this approach.
3.1 System overview and design goals
The core design principle of our system isdata anonymizationrather than data minimization. Instead of merely
reducing the amount of transmitted data, our goal is to transform sensitive data into category-preserving anonymized
representations such that the cloud agent can still perform semantic reasoning and task planning without accessing raw
values.
Overall pipeline.The system follows a unified anonymization pipeline for both textual and visual modalities:
1. Perform PII detection on textual inputs (user instructions and XML UI hierarchies) and on visual inputs
(screenshots via OCR [33]).
2. Generate a category-preserving placeholder with a hash suffix for each detected PII entity.
3. Replace the original textual spans or visual regions with the generated placeholders.
4. Send only the anonymized Virtual UI to the cloud agent.
Figure 2 illustrates an example of category-preserving anonymization applied to user instructions, where sensitive
elements like names and phone numbers are replaced with placeholders.
Original instruction
Add a contacts whose name is Xu, set the working phone number to be 12345678 and
mobile phone number to be 87654321
Masked instruction
Add a contacts whose name isLAST_NAME#9zv3p, set the working phone number to be
PHONE_NUMBER#cbnhuand mobile phone number to bePHONE_NUMBER#pilzc
Figure 2: Example of category-preserving anonymization of user instructions.
Consistency challenges and their impact on agent execution.Although hash-based placeholders enable determinis-
tic anonymization, they introduce consistency challenges across time and modalities that directly impair the agent’s
ability to ground its actions in the interface. We identify two representative failure modes and illustrate how each leads
to execution errors: 1.Inconsistent PII detection across modalities.In some cases, the same entity is detected as PII
in one modality but not in another, leading to a mismatch between real values and anonymized placeholders. Table 2
shows an example where the name “Alice” remains unmasked in the user instruction but is anonymized in the screenshot.
As a result, the agent issues actions targeting “Alice”, while the interface only exposesFIRST_NAME#g7wef, causing the
agent to fail to locate the intended element. 2.Inconsistent placeholder assignment for the same entity.Even when
an entity is consistently detected as PII, it may still be mapped to different anonymized identifiers at different times or
in different modalities. Table 3 illustrates this issue with an example where the same entity (’Alice’) is inconsistently
assigned different placeholders across modalities. In this case, the agent searches for FIRST_NAME#8dfa9 on the screen,
but the interface presentsFIRST_NAME#g7wef, again preventing successful grounding and execution.
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
Table 2: Example of inconsistent PII detection across modalities.
Source Original Masked
User instruction Alice Alice
Screenshot (OCR) Alice FIRST_NAME#g7wef
Table 3: Example of inconsistent placeholder generation for the same entity.
Source Original Masked
User instruction Alice FIRST_NAME#8dfa9
Screenshot 1 Alice FIRST_NAME#g7wef
Screenshot 2 Alice FIRST_NAME#8dfa9
Together, these examples demonstrate that cross-modality and temporal consistency is a necessary condition for reliable
agent operation: the agent must observe exactly the same anonymized identifier for the same semantic entity throughout
the task lifecycle. We summarize the consistency requirements as:
•Problem A: Inconsistent PII detection
–(A.1) An entity is detected as PII earlier but not later.
–(A.2) An entity is not detected as PII earlier but is detected later.
•Problem B: Inconsistent placeholder assignment— the same entity is mapped to different placeholders.
Design objective.Our framework therefore enforces:
1. Stable PII classification across time and modalities.
2. Deterministic and globally consistent placeholder mapping within each task session.
These objectives motivate the consistency enforcement and cross-modality synchronization mechanisms introduced in
the following sections.
3.2 Logical layers
Table 4 summarizes the four logical layers and their primary responsibilities.
Table 4: Logical layers of the tiered decoupling architecture.
Layer Primary responsibility
Layer 1: PII Detector High-recall semantic identification of sensitive entities (NER + regex)
Layer 2: UI Transformer Deterministic pseudonymization, Virtual UI synthesis (XML + screenshot)
Layer 3: Interaction Proxy Interception, sanitization and reverse mapping of agent commands
Layer 4: Privacy Gatekeeper Policy-driven local computation for necessary semantic checks
A session-scoped local mapping table is maintained within the trusted environment to record the correspondence
between real entity values and their anonymized placeholders. This table is consulted by the PII detector, UI transformer,
and interaction proxy to ensure deterministic placeholder assignment and consistent replacement across time and
modalities. The mapping table never leaves the trusted boundary and raw values are never exposed to external services.
3.3 Layer 1: PII detection and contextual whitelisting
Layer 1 functions as the semantic gateway. It employs a hybrid detection strategy combining a label-guided, zero-shot
NER model and deterministic pattern matchers.
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
3.3.1 Label-guided zero-shot recognition
The primary NER component uses a label-guided model from the GLiNER family [24] that accepts arbitrary label sets
at inference time and supports custom entity detection with configurable sensitivity thresholds. This allows the system
to explicitly define what constitutes sensitive information and to adjust the detection strictness according to different
privacy or deployment requirements. For a text input x (from prompts or XML text attributes), the detector produces a
set of sensitive spans
D={e 1, e2, . . . , en},
where each span ei is associated with a type Ti (e.g., PHONE_NUMBER, EMAIL) and a confidence score Si. The zero-shot
capability lets the system adapt the notion of sensitivity to different domains without re-training.
3.3.2 Regex fallback and structural validation
To capture low-context, high-entropy identifiers (e.g., credit-card numbers and standardized IDs), Layer 1 includes a
deterministic regex layer. Regex detections complement the NER output and provide near-deterministic coverage for
structured tokens that neural models may miss.
In addition, we apply regex-based structural validation to XML inputs with an explicit whitelist of XML-specific
keywords and structural tokens. This exemption mechanism prevents fundamental XML representations (such as tag
names, attribute keys, and schema-related identifiers) from being mistakenly classified as PII, thereby reducing false
positives introduced by pattern-based matching on semi-structured data.
3.3.3 Instruction-driven contextual whitelisting
We construct a session-scoped whitelist W derived from the user’s instruction I to mitigate inconsistency in PII
detection across different modalities and contexts (Problem A.2). The core principle is that if a token is explicitly
mentioned in the user instruction and is classified as non-PII in that context, it will be treated as non-sensitive throughout
the session and exempted from anonymization in subsequent XML or screenshot-derived text.
This design is motivated by two observations. First, neural PII detectors are inherently unstable and context-sensitive:
the same string may be classified differently depending on surrounding text, modality (natural language vs. UI structure
vs. OCR output), or minor perturbations. Second, user instructions are typically more natural, fluent, and semantically
coherent than UI representations or OCR-extracted text, making them a more reliable context for determining whether a
string constitutes PII. Moreover, if a truly sensitive string is already exposed in the user instruction and classified as
non-PII, anonymizing it later in XML or screenshots is ineffective, as the privacy leakage has already occurred.
The whitelisting procedure is:
Algorithm 1Instruction-Driven Contextual Whitelist Construction
1:Input:user instructionI
2:E prompt ←PII_Detector(I)▷Detected sensitive entities in the prompt
3:K←extract_functional_tokens(I, E prompt)▷Tokens classified as non-PII,
4:W←W∪K ▷Add non-sensitive instruction tokens to session whitelist
5:returnW
During subsequent UI scans, any candidate token t∈W will bypass anonymization and be consistently treated as
non-PII.
3.4 Layer 2: UI transformer and Virtual UI synthesis
Layer 2 performs deterministic pseudonymization and produces theVirtual UIconsumed by the cloud agent. Its goals
are to preserve semantics (type, spatial location, interactivity) while removing raw sensitive values, as demonstrated in
Figure 3, which compares original and anonymized screenshots.
3.4.1 Deterministic placeholder generation
For each detected entity valuev of type T , the system generates a stable placeholderP using a cryptographic-hash-based
procedure to maintain session consistency and collision resistance:
P=T# Truncate
 
Base36(SHA256(v∥T)),5

,
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
FIRST_NAME#0t3ia
LAST_NAME#3e1bl
PHONE_NUMBER#9366e
Original Our
Figure 3: Comparison of screenshots before and after anonymization. The left image shows the original screen before
anonymization, while the right image illustrates the anonymized version. The text in black regions highlights enlarged
excerpts of the magenta regions to illustrate the corresponding content.
where “∥” denotes string concatenation, Base36 encodes the hash digest into Base36, and Truncate(·,5) retains the
leading 5 characters. Concatenating the type T ensures identical raw strings used in different semantic roles map to
distinct placeholders.
3.4.2 Cross-modality consistency
This mechanism is designed to mitigate bothProblem A.1(missed or inconsistent PII detection) andProblem B
(inconsistent placeholder assignment across contexts and modalities).
At the core of this mechanism is a localmapping table, which maintains the mapping from each real entity value
to its anonymized placeholder. This ensures that all appearances of the same entity—across different modalities or
locations—are consistently represented by the same placeholder.
The transformer consults this table and enforces a prioritized cross-modality alignment strategy to ensure consistent
placeholder usage:
• Instruction-derived mappings have top priority.After performing PII detection on the user instruction, all
detected entities are immediately assigned anonymized placeholders and inserted into the local mapping table.
• XML text attributes(e.g., text, hint, content-desc) are anonymized by first querying the mapping table. If
an extracted entity value already exists in the table, the corresponding placeholder is reused; otherwise, a new
placeholder is generated and added to the table.
• OCR-extracted strings from screenshotsare normalized and fuzzy-matched against entity values already registered
in the mapping table. If a match is found, the corresponding placeholder is reused; otherwise, the string is treated as
a new entity and handled by the same lookup-or-create mechanism.
This lookup-before-generation policy ensures that semantically identical entities appearing at different locations or in
different modalities are always mapped to the same placeholder, thereby alleviatingProblem B. Moreover, even if an
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
entity is missed by the PII detector in one modality, it can still be replaced through matching with previously recorded
values in the mapping table, which partially mitigatesProblem A.1.
3.4.3 OCR pipeline and fuzzy alignment
Screenshot processing uses an OCR [33] pipeline (text detection, recognition, decoding). Extracted OCR strings are
chunked and fed to the detector. Because OCR output can be noisy, the system uses normalized Levenshtein distance to
compute similarity between an OCR strings 2 and a registered entity values 1 stored in the mapping table:
R(s1, s2) = 1− Levenshtein(s1, s2)
max(|s1|,|s 2|) .
If R > τ (we use τ= 0.85 in our implementation), s2 is mapped to the placeholder associated with s1. This fuzzy
alignment reduces grounding failures caused by OCR errors.
The accuracy of the OCR model can influence the overall task success rate, as it directly affects the reliability of
PII detection in screenshots. Since OCR is invoked at every step of the task execution, we recommend opting for a
lightweight and faster OCR model to ensure efficiency and minimize latency. Nevertheless, the choice can be tailored
to the specific hardware capabilities available, allowing for the selection of more advanced models when computational
resources permit.
3.4.4 Visual masking and placeholder rendering
Visual masking is implemented by drawing opaque overlays over sensitive bounding boxes and rendering the corre-
sponding placeholder text within the masked region. The overlay color and text rendering are selected to preserve
spatial cues for the VLM while preventing recovery of the underlying pixels. Text is scaled to fit the bounding box so
the VLM can infer category and approximate value length without seeing raw data.
3.5 Layer 3: Secure interaction proxy
The Secure Interaction Proxy mediates all agent-issued actions and is responsible for reverse mapping, coordinate
resolution, and enforcement of execution policies.
Our command interface is built on the design of AndroidLab [34], which maps interactable UI elements from the XML
hierarchy to numeric indices on screenshots. We extend and modify this design to support additional gesture types
and flexible text handling. Every agent action (e.g., tap(num) or type(str)) is intercepted by the local proxy before
execution. The proxy resolves and validates commands according to their parameter types and semantics:
• For spatial actions such as tap, long_press, and swipe, the agent issues a numeric index ( num) referring to an
interactable UI element annotated on the screenshot. The proxy verifies that the index is within range, maps it to the
corresponding bounding box extracted from the XML hierarchy, and converts it into concrete device coordinates
(centroid) before execution.
• For textual actions such as type, the parameter is always a string. This string may consist solely of anonymized
placeholders, solely of natural language text, or a mixture of both. The proxy identifies and resolves all placeholders
within the string to their corresponding raw values, while leaving any natural language content unchanged.
• The proxy rejects commands if the element list is empty or the referenced index is out of range, preventing execution
on stale or inconsistent UI states.
Importantly, only type parameters contain textual content that may include placeholders. All spatial and gesture-based
commands operate purely on numeric indices and coordinates and therefore never include anonymization tags. ÍTable 5
summarizes representative command types and their resolution logic, while Figure 4 provides a visual example of how
the ’Type’ command’s argument is resolved through placeholder mapping.
3.6 Layer 4: Privacy Gatekeeper and secure local computation
Some tasks require operations on raw sensitive values (e.g., comparing two dates, validating a payment amount). Layer 4
provides a narrow, auditable local computation interface managed by a small local language model (SLM) that acts as
aPrivacy Gatekeeper. In our implementation, this SLM is powered by the Qwen3-8B causal language model [ 35],
which supports both reasoning and instruction-following capabilities and can efficiently handle the necessary local
computation steps.
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
Table 5: Representative proxy resolution logic for common commands.
Action Agent form Proxy resolution
Taptap(num)validate index; map bbox centroid(x, y); execute tap
Long presslong_press(num)validate index; map bbox centroid; execute long press
Swipeswipe(num, dir, dist)validate index; map centroid; execute swipe(dir, dist)
Typetype(str)identify and replace any placeholders within the string; insert resolved text
"action": "Type", "kwargs": {"text": "FIRST_NAME#0t3ia"}
Before Action Virtual UI After Action Real UI After Action
"action": "Type", "kwargs": {"text": "John"}
FIRST_NAME#0t3ia
Mapping
Figure 4: Example ofTypeproxy resolution. The text in black regions highlights enlarged excerpts of the magenta
regions to illustrate the corresponding content.
When the cloud agent needs a local computation, it issues a structured request:
cloud_agent_compute_with_tokens(tokens, instruction, reason).
The gatekeeper evaluates the request against three policy criteria:
•Relevance:Is the computation necessary for the user’s stated goal?
•Necessity:Can the computation be satisfied using the Virtual UI alone, or does it require raw values?
• Minimization:Can the result be expressed as a bounded, non-revealing value (e.g., boolean, categorical label)
rather than returning raw data?
Only when these checks pass does the SLM perform the computation on local raw values and return a minimal result
(for example,True,"greater_than", or a categorical label). Raw values never leave the trusted boundary.
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
3.7 Privacy governance and utility–privacy tradeoffs
The architecture achieves data minimization through layered defenses and a local gatekeeper. Table 6 summarizes
representative features, their privacy benefits, and impacts on agent utility.
Table 6: Selected features and tradeoffs (summary).
Feature Privacy benefit Utility impact
Deterministic hashing Prevents trivial linkage Maintains entity identity across steps
Contextual whitelisting Avoids over-redaction Preserves UI affordances
Local secure computation Raw data never leaves device Enables comparisons/validations
Fuzzy matching Robustness to OCR noise Reduces grounding errors
4 Experiment
4.1 Experimental Setup
To evaluate the effectiveness of our Privacy Protection Layer in balancing privacy preservation and task utility for
mobile agents, we conducted comprehensive experiments. All evaluations were performed within the AndroidLab
framework [34], utilizing its default Android Virtual Device (A VD) setup on a Pixel 7 Pro emulator.
Benchmarks and TasksWe utilized two distinct benchmarks: theAndroidLab[ 34] benchmark and thePrivScreen
benchmark provided by DualTAP [8]. These serve complementary purposes, assessing general-purpose mobile tasks
and privacy-specific scenarios respectively. The AndroidLab benchmark consists of 138 tasks (Operation and Query
types) gathered from nine apps. It supports two agent modes:XML Mode, which uses a redesigned XML compression
algorithm for text-only inputs, andSoM (Set-of-Mark) Mode, designed for multimodal models (LMMs) where
clickable elements are assigned serial numbers. The PrivScreen benchmark is a dual-task QA-style dataset comprising
over 500 real application screenshots augmented with 1000+ synthetic PII. It includes: (i) a privacy-focused QA to
assess leakage, and (ii) a utility-focused QA to evaluate general functionality. We applied our anonymization to these
images and ran the standard evaluation scripts.
Models and BaselinesForAndroidLab, we employed two cloud-based models:GPT-4oandGemini-3-flash-
preview. We compared their performance in both original (unprotected) and anonymized settings. ForPrivScreen,
we evaluated three multimodal models:Qwen2.5-VL-7B[ 6],GPT-5, andUI-TARS-7B[ 36]. Our method (Ours) is
compared against several baselines from the DualTAP study:Original(undefended),AnyAttack[ 30],FOA-Attack[ 31],
VIP[32], andDualTAP[8]. Note that the baseline results on PrivScreen are cited directly from the DualTAP paper.
MetricsOnAndroidLab, we employ:Success Rate (SR),Sub-Goal Success Rate (Sub-SR),Reversed Redun-
dancy Ratio (RRR)for efficiency, andReasonable Operation Ratio (ROR)to measure screen-change effectiveness.
SR is evaluated by human expertsbecause the original automatic evaluation metric is overly strict, often underestimat-
ing actual task completion. In contrast,Sub-SR is still automatically evaluated. OnPrivScreen, utility is measured
byAccuracy (Acc). Privacy leakage is assessed at the character level viaLeakage Rate (LR),Match Score (MS),
BLEU, andROUGE-L. Semantic-level leakage is measured viaBERTScoreandCosine Similarity (CS).
Implementation DetailsThe Privacy Protection Layer is integrated into the AndroidLab pipeline at four points:
prompt anonymization, XML anonymization, screenshot masking (using OCR and magenta-background overlays), and
de-anonymization (token-to-real conversion) during local execution. For PII detection, we usedEasyOCR[ 33] for text
extraction andGLiNER( gliner-pii-large-v1.0 [24]) for Named Entity Recognition (threshold 0.5) with regex
fallbacks. Experiments were conducted on anNVIDIA GeForce RTX 4090 GPU, with the NER model occupying
approximately 2800 MB of VRAM.
4.2 Main Results
Results on AndroidLab.The main results on the AndroidLab benchmark are reported in Table 7. Overall, introducing
our privacy protection layer leads to a small and controlled reduction in task success, while preserving the rationality
and stability of agent behaviors. Under the SoM agent mode, applying our method slightly decreases the SR and
Sub-SR for both backbone models. For GPT-4o, SR (human-evaluated) drops from 36.23% to 32.61%, while Sub-SR
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
Table 7: AndroidLab benchmark
Agent Mode Model Protection SR↑Sub-SR↑RRR↑ROR↑
SoM
GPT-4o Original 48.55 52.23 80.71 86.69
Ours49.28 53.26 81.26 86.80
Gemini-3-flash-preview Original68.12 71.7388.48 93.15
Ours 63.77 68.3589.59 93.24
XML
GPT-4o Original45.65 48.78102.16 90.72
Ours 42.34 46.12103.35 91.54
Gemini-3-flash-preview Original 48.91 53.45107.25 98.55
Ours52.17 57.1798.91 95.68
(automatically evaluated) shows a similar mild decrease. However, the ROR remains stable (e.g., 86.69% to 86.80%
for GPT-4o), indicating that our protection does not introduce irrational interactions. Under XML mode, the impact
is even milder; for Gemini-3-flash-preview, our method even improves SR from 34.78% to 39.86%, suggesting that
anonymization may reduce distractions and help the agent focus on task-relevant structures.
Table 8: PrivScreen benchmark
Model Protection Method Acc↑LR↓MS↓BertScore↓CS↓BLEU↓ROUGE-L↓
Qwen2.5-VL-7B
Original 89.00 97.14 96.99 0.8675 0.9011 0.7830 0.8991
AnyAttack 70.00 95.24 91.86 0.6721 0.8705 0.5164 0.7317
FOA-Attack 73.00 83.81 82.84 0.6307 0.8150 0.5343 0.7309
VIP 81.00 94.76 92.67 0.7556 0.8960 0.5932 0.7856
DualTAP 88.00 32.86 38.82 0.1998 0.42020.0908 0.1660
Ours 89.00 19.52 30.69 0.1411 0.39660.1496 0.1832
GPT-5
Original 93.00 97.14 97.15 0.9260 0.9627 0.8584 0.9246
AnyAttack 90.00 91.43 87.49 0.6757 0.8490 0.4978 0.7446
FOA-Attack 80.00 80.95 79.72 0.6293 0.7532 0.4967 0.7004
VIP 86.00 80.00 79.33 0.6662 0.7715 0.5284 0.6846
DualTAP91.0023.3324.430.15890.2379 0.0941 0.1628
Ours90.0018.8426.740.14950.3224 0.1587 0.1892
UI-TARS-7B
Original 80.00 93.81 93.10 0.7846 0.9079 0.6721 0.8363
AnyAttack76.0081.43 80.11 0.5533 0.7615 0.3748 0.6057
FOA-Attack 64.00 76.67 75.60 0.5349 0.7187 0.4229 0.6178
VIP 66.00 89.05 85.83 0.6739 0.8288 0.5232 0.7223
DualTAP 67.00 34.76 38.35 0.2278 0.4535 0.1139 0.2034
Ours61.0018.10 29.15 0.1251 0.3695 0.1029 0.1552
Results on PrivScreen.Table 8 presents the results on the PrivScreen benchmark. Our method consistently achieves
the strongest privacy protection across all models. For Qwen2.5-VL-7B, our method maintains the same task accuracy
(89.00%) while dramatically reducing the LR from 97.14% to 19.52% and MS from 96.99% to 30.69%. For GPT-5, we
preserve high utility (90.00% vs. 93.00%) while reducing BertScore from 0.9260 to 0.1495. Compared to existing
defenses such as AnyAttack or DualTAP, our method consistently achieves the lowest leakage-related metrics while
maintaining competitive accuracy.
4.3 Overhead and PII Analysis
We evaluate both the computational overhead and the effectiveness of our anonymization framework in handling
sensitive information.
Computational Overhead.Table 9 reports the average inference time per image for each component of the privacy
protection layer. The OCR module (EasyOCR) takes 0.838 seconds on CPU, while the NER module (GLiNER)
takes 0.663 seconds on an NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4090 GPU. The total additional latency introduced by the privacy
protection layer is approximately 1.77 seconds per image. This overhead is moderate and acceptable in the context of
mobile GUI automation, where tasks involve relatively long interaction sequences and are typically not latency-critical.
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
Table 9: Average inference time of the privacy protection layer. We report the average per-image latency for each
component. OCR (EasyOCR) is executed on CPU, while NER (GLiNER) is executed on an NVIDIA GeForce RTX
4090 GPU.
Processing Step Average Time per Image (seconds)
OCR (EasyOCR) 0.838
NER (GLiNER) 0.663
Total Time 1.770
Table 10: Percentage of content detected as PII by our anonymization framework on the AndroidLab benchmark. Each
value represents the ratio between the length of content identified as PII and the total input length for each task type.
Task Type Percentage of content identified as PII
Task description 3.49%
Image 4.38%
XML 0.42%
Proportion of Content Identified as PII.We further analyze the fraction of input content flagged as PII by our
anonymization framework. Table 10 reports the percentage of content length detected as PII for different task types
in the AndroidLab benchmark. As shown, only a small portion of the total input is considered sensitive: 3.49% for
task descriptions, 4.38% for images, and 0.42% for XML inputs. This indicates that the framework selectively targets
sensitive information without significantly modifying the majority of the input content.
5 Conclusion
In this work, we presented a novel anonymization-based privacy protection framework for mobile GUI agents that
enforces the principle of making sensitive informationavailable but invisible. Our framework enables agents to
leverage sensitive data for task execution without directly observing raw values, through deterministic, type-preserving
placeholders, a secure interaction proxy, and a local Privacy Gatekeeper. It consists of four coordinated components: (i)
a PII Detector that achieves high-recall semantic identification of sensitive entities via a hybrid strategy combining label-
guided zero-shot NER with regex-based fallback; (ii) a UI Transformer that performs deterministic pseudonymization
and Virtual UI synthesis while preserving layout and interaction affordances; (iii) a Secure Interaction Proxy that
intercepts, sanitizes, and reverse-maps agent commands; and (iv) a local Privacy Gatekeeper that executes policy-driven
computations over raw values and returns only non-sensitive results.
A key conceptual contribution of this work is the distinction between datausageand dataunderstanding. We characterize
usageas scenarios in which replacing a sensitive value alters only the input content without affecting the agent’s control
logic, whereasunderstandingrefers to cases where the specific semantic content is essential for decision-making. By
combining anonymization with local semantic augmentation, our framework effectively supports both categories while
maintaining strong privacy guarantees. Importantly, the layered design ensures cross-modality and temporal consistency
in PII detection and placeholder assignment, which is critical for reliable multi-step GUI agent execution in dynamic
mobile environments.
Extensive experiments on the AndroidLab and PrivScreen benchmarks demonstrate that our approach consistently
achieves the lowest observed privacy leakage across multiple models, while incurring only modest utility degradation.
These results indicate a strong and favorable privacy–utility trade-off compared to existing methods, validating the
practicality of our framework for real-world mobile GUI agent scenarios.
6 Discussion
Beyond its technical implementation, this work highlights fundamental limitations in current GUI agent architectures.
The prevailing reliance on raw visual screen content reflects a pragmatic but structurally constrained design choice,
stemming from the absence of native, LLM-friendly interaction protocols (e.g., Tool Calling or Model Context Protocol)
within mobile operating systems and third-party applications. This paradigm inherently exposes entire screen contents
to agents, leading to systematic over-collection of sensitive information. Our findings suggest that this limitation is not
merely an implementation artifact, but a structural property of today’s mobile OS ecosystems, and that achieving strong
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
privacy guarantees in the long term may require a paradigm shift toward semantically structured and privacy-aware
agent interfaces.
Within the constraints of existing platforms, our framework addresses several challenges, including cross-modality
alignment and temporal consistency in sensitive information handling. Mechanisms such as session-scoped local
mapping tables and instruction-driven contextual whitelisting mitigate grounding failures and ensure stable agent
behavior across multi-step interactions. Nevertheless, tasks requiring complex semantic understanding over sensitive
content remain challenging, pointing to important directions for future research. Promising avenues include the
integration of on-device multimodal models, more expressive local semantic reasoning modules, and privacy-preserving
computation interfaces that allow cloud-based agents to operate over protected or encrypted data, further advancing
secure and practical agentic workflows.
References
[1] Yuyang Zhao, Wentao Shi, Fuli Feng, and Xiangnan He. Appagent-pro: A proactive gui agent system for
multidomain information integration and user assistance. InProceedings of the 34th ACM International Conference
on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM ’25, page 6767–6771. ACM, November 2025.
[2] Jiabo Ye, Xi Zhang, Haiyang Xu, Haowei Liu, Junyang Wang, Zhaoqing Zhu, Ziwei Zheng, Feiyu Gao, Junjie
Cao, Zhengxi Lu, Jitong Liao, Qi Zheng, Fei Huang, Jingren Zhou, and Ming Yan. Mobile-agent-v3: Fundamental
agents for gui automation, 2025.
[3] Haoming Wang, Haoyang Zou, Huatong Song, and et al. Ui-tars-2 technical report: Advancing gui agent with
multi-turn reinforcement learning, 2025.
[4] Xiao Liu, Bo Qin, Dongzhu Liang, Guang Dong, Hanyu Lai, Hanchen Zhang, Hanlin Zhao, Iat Long Iong, Jiadai
Sun, Jiaqi Wang, et al. Autoglm: Autonomous foundation agents for guis.arXiv preprint arXiv:2411.00820, 2024.
[5] Jingru Fan, Yufan Dang, Jingyao Wu, Huatao Li, Runde Yang, Xiyuan Yang, Yuheng Wang, and Chen Qian.
Appcopilot: Toward general, accurate, long-horizon, and efficient mobile agent.arXiv preprint arXiv:2509.02444,
2025.
[6] Shuai Bai, Keqin Chen, Xuejing Liu, Jialin Wang, Wenbin Ge, Sibo Song, Kai Dang, Peng Wang, Shijie Wang,
Jun Tang, Humen Zhong, Yuanzhi Zhu, Mingkun Yang, Zhaohai Li, Jianqiang Wan, Pengfei Wang, Wei Ding,
Zheren Fu, Yiheng Xu, Jiabo Ye, Xi Zhang, Tianbao Xie, Zesen Cheng, Hang Zhang, Zhibo Yang, Haiyang Xu,
and Junyang Lin. Qwen2.5-vl technical report, 2025.
[7] Gucongcong Fan, Chaoyue Niu, Chengfei Lyu, Fan Wu, and Guihai Chen. Core: Reducing ui exposure in mobile
agents via collaboration between cloud and local llms, 2025.
[8] Fuyao Zhang, Jiaming Zhang, Che Wang, Xiongtao Sun, Yurong Hao, Guowei Guan, Wenjie Li, Longtao Huang,
and Wei Yang Bryan Lim. Dualtap: A dual-task adversarial protector for mobile mllm agents, 2025.
[9] Shuning Zhang, Yutong Jiang, Rongjun Ma, Yuting Yang, Mingyao Xu, Zhixin Huang, Xin Yi, and Hewu Li.
Privweb: Unobtrusive and content-aware privacy protection for web agents, 2025.
[10] Yanxi Wang, Zhiling Zhang, Wenbo Zhou, Weiming Zhang, Jie Zhang, Qiannan Zhu, Yu Shi, Shuxin Zheng, and
Jiyan He. Guiguard: Toward a general framework for privacy-preserving gui agents, 2026.
[11] Yucheng Shi, Wenhao Yu, Wenlin Yao, Wenhu Chen, and Ninghao Liu. Towards trustworthy gui agents: A survey,
2025.
[12] Dang Nguyen, Jian Chen, Yu Wang, Gang Wu, Namyong Park, Zhengmian Hu, Hanjia Lyu, Junda Wu, Ryan
Aponte, Yu Xia, Xintong Li, Jing Shi, Hongjie Chen, Viet Dac Lai, Zhouhang Xie, Sungchul Kim, Ruiyi Zhang,
Tong Yu, Mehrab Tanjim, Nesreen K. Ahmed, Puneet Mathur, Seunghyun Yoon, Lina Yao, Branislav Kveton,
Jihyung Kil, Thien Huu Nguyen, Trung Bui, Tianyi Zhou, Ryan A. Rossi, and Franck Dernoncourt. GUI agents:
A survey. InFindings of the Association for Computational Linguistics: ACL 2025, 2025.
[13] Xueyu Hu, Tao Xiong, Biao Yi, et al. Os agents: A survey on mllm-based agents for general computing devices.
arXiv preprint arXiv:2508.04482, 2025.
[14] Dang Nguyen, Jian Chen, Yu Wang, et al. Gui agents: A survey.arXiv preprint arXiv:2412.13501, 2024.
[15] Zhixin Lin, Jungang Li, Shidong Pan, Yibo Shi, Yue Yao, and Dongliang Xu. Mind the third eye! benchmarking
privacy awareness in mllm-powered smartphone agents, 2025.
[16] Zikang Guo, Benfeng Xu, Chiwei Zhu, et al. Mcp-agentbench: Evaluating real-world language agent performance
with mcp-mediated tools.arXiv preprint arXiv:2509.09734, 2025.
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
[17] Yunhe Yan, Shihe Wang, Jiajun Du, et al. Mcpworld: A unified benchmarking testbed for api, gui, and hybrid
agents.arXiv preprint arXiv:2506.07672, 2025.
[18] Qitian Jason Hu, Jacob Bieker, Xiuyu Li, et al. Routerbench: A benchmark for multi-llm routing systems.arXiv
preprint arXiv:2403.12031, 2024.
[19] Chaoran Chen, Zhiping Zhang, Bingcan Guo, Shang Ma, Ibrahim Khalilov, Simret A Gebreegziabher, Yanfang
Ye, Ziang Xiao, Yaxing Yao, Tianshi Li, and Toby Jia-Jun Li. The obvious invisible threat: Llm-powered gui
agents’ vulnerability to fine-print injections. InProceedings of the 2025 USENIX Symposium on Usable Privacy
and Security (SOUPS), 2025.
[20] Urchade Zaratiana, Nadi Tomeh, Pierre Holat, and Thierry Charnois. GLiNER: Generalist model for named
entity recognition using bidirectional transformer. InProceedings of the 2024 Conference of the North American
Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies, 2024.
[21] Ihor Stepanov and Mykhailo Shtopko. Gliner multi-task: Generalist lightweight model for various information
extraction tasks, 2024.
[22] Isotonic. distilbert_finetuned_ai4privacy_v2 (revision 51d7b98), 2025.
[23] Microsoft. Microsoft presidio: Open -source pii detection and anonymization framework. https://github.com/
microsoft/presidio, 2025. Open-source project under MIT License.
[24] Knowledgator and Wordcab. knowledgator/gliner-pii-large-v1.0. https://huggingface.co/knowledgator/
gliner-pii-large-v1.0, 2025. Hugging Face pre-trained model.
[25] Yupan Huang, Tengchao Lv, Lei Cui, Yutong Lu, and Furu Wei. Layoutlmv3: Pre-training for document ai with
unified text and image masking. InProceedings of the 30th ACM International Conference on Multimedia, pages
4083–4091, 2022.
[26] Gilles Baechler, Srinadh Srinivas, Ping-Yu Wang, Jason Howard, et al. Screenai: A vision-language model for ui
and infographics understanding.arXiv preprint arXiv:2402.04615, 2024.
[27] Jiannan Wu, Muyan Zhong, Sen Xing, et al. Visionllm v2: An end-to-end generalist multimodal large language
model.NeurIPS, 2024.
[28] Gemini Team. Gemini 2.5: Pushing the frontier of multimodal reasoning and long-context understanding.arXiv
preprint, 2025.
[29] Jiaming Zhang, Qi Yi, and Jitao Sang. Towards adversarial attack on vision-language pre-training models.
Proceedings of ACM Multimedia, 2022.
[30] Jiaming Zhang, Junhong Ye, Xingjun Ma, Yige Li, Yunfan Yang, Chen Yunhao, Jitao Sang, and Dit-Yan Yeung.
Anyattack: Towards large-scale self-supervised adversarial attacks on vision-language models. InProceedings of
the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 2025.
[31] Xiaojun Jia, Sensen Gao, Simeng Qin, Tianyu Pang, Chao Du, Yihao Huang, Xinfeng Li, Yiming Li, Bo Li, and
Yang Liu. Adversarial attacks against closed-source MLLMs via feature optimal alignment. InThe Thirty-ninth
Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, 2025.
[32] Hanene F. Z. Brachemi Meftah, Wassim Hamidouche, Sid Ahmed Fezza, and Olivier Déforges. Vip: Visual
information protection through adversarial attacks on vision-language models, 2025.
[33] JaidedAI. Easyocr: Ready-to-use ocr with 80+ supported languages. https://github.com/JaidedAI/EasyOCR,
2023. Open-source project.
[34] Yifan Xu, Xiao Liu, Xueqiao Sun, Siyi Cheng, Hao Yu, Hanyu Lai, Shudan Zhang, Dan Zhang, Jie Tang, and
Yuxiao Dong. Androidlab: Training and systematic benchmarking of android autonomous agents. InProceedings
of the 63rd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, pages 2144–2166, 2025.
[35] An Yang and et al. Qwen3 technical report.arXiv preprint arXiv:2505.09388, 2025.
[36] Yujia Qin, Yining Ye, Junjie Fang, Haoming Wang, Shihao Liang, Shizuo Tian, Junda Zhang, Jiahao Li, Yunxin
Li, Shijue Huang, et al. Ui-tars: Pioneering automated gui interaction with native agents.arXiv preprint
arXiv:2501.12326, 2025.
15